[
 {
  "author": "rubys", 
  "date": "2001-03-24T18:52:35.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Import oro"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "210354"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "rubys", 
  "date": "2001-03-24T17:10:26.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "New mechanism for specifying the servletapi"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "210353"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "jon", 
  "date": "2001-03-24T02:06:29.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "another attempt at ceki's name", 
   "PR:", 
   "Obtained from:", 
   "Submitted by:", 
   "Reviewed by:"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "210352"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "jon", 
  "date": "2001-03-24T02:02:03.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "ug. i hate encoding problems...", 
   "PR:", 
   "Obtained from:", 
   "Submitted by:", 
   "Reviewed by:"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "210351"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "jon", 
  "date": "2001-03-24T01:58:14.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "ok, changing the from: to line up with the respective PMC members", 
   "who are in charge of the projects...", 
   "http://jakarta.apache.org/site/pmc/01-03-19-meeting-summary.html"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "210350"
 }
]