[
 {
  "author": "costin", 
  "date": "2002-12-27T18:11:15.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "A change in ProjectHelper2 - RC doesn't need to depend on SAX2.", 
   "The attributes are just stored in a Hashtable, you can construct the", 
   "UE/RC tree without using any SAX at all.", 
   "I added @deprecated tags to the SAX1 attributes as well.", 
   "Also added a (harmless - I hope ) Serializable interface to RC, and", 
   "transient to the fields that don't need to be serialized.", 
   "PR:", 
   "Obtained from:", 
   "Submitted by:", 
   "Reviewed by:"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "273704"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "costin", 
  "date": "2002-12-27T18:06:23.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Add \"importStack\" that will allow import to keep track of loops.", 
   "If importStack has more than one element, ProjectHelper implementations", 
   "should know they are inside an import. This can also be used to", 
   "display more informative error messages ( i.e. the include path to", 
   "a file with errors ).", 
   "Removed the SAX2 Attributes and deprecate the SAX1 Attributes methods.", 
   "I made a small change to RuntimeConfigurable to make it less SAX-dependent,", 
   "ProjectHelper2 will just use a simple Hashtable and RC/ProjectHelper will", 
   "be SAX-independent ( except the deprecated methods ). This would allow", 
   "better programmatic use of ant and maybe a DOM ProjectHelper.", 
   "One interesting note: while SAX is faster, using DOM or caching the", 
   "UE/RC tree will greatly optimize <antCall>, where the same file", 
   "is parsed on each call.", 
   "PR:", 
   "Obtained from:", 
   "Submitted by:", 
   "Reviewed by:"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "273703"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "costin", 
  "date": "2002-12-27T18:01:14.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Add a new method to get an IntrospectionHelper.", 
   "If one already exists, it'll be returned.", 
   "The method will register itself for projectEnd notifications.", 
   "( this avoids multiple IH and listeners )", 
   "PR:", 
   "Obtained from:", 
   "Submitted by:", 
   "Reviewed by:"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "273702"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "costin", 
  "date": "2002-12-27T17:59:40.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Remove the dependency on ProjectHelper2.", 
   "We only need the import stack to avoid loops and some", 
   "mechanism to let let the helper know we're processing an import.", 
   "PR:", 
   "Obtained from:", 
   "Submitted by:", 
   "Reviewed by:"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "273701"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "chrisw", 
  "date": "2002-12-27T08:44:46.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Ant-Fake-Forrest proposal advancements:", 
   "Enable the \"Active Link\" funktionality by taking care, that XML title tag and project entry name match (just for the few docs, where this wasn't the case anyways)", 
   "adding html-version of LICESE", 
   "removing faq.vsl by moving that functionality to site.vsl"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "273700"
 }
]