[
 {
  "author": "seade", 
  "date": "2007-06-13T03:52:08.730064Z", 
  "msg": [
   "June 2007 board report."
  ], 
  "revision_id": "546720"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "jvanzyl", 
  "date": "2007-06-13T03:26:16.610296Z", 
  "msg": [
   "o using the new groupId for the IT artifacts"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "546719"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "ema", 
  "date": "2007-06-13T03:01:53.355838Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Fixed issue with not reflecting the style and use annotation in implementor class"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "546718"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "niclas", 
  "date": "2007-06-13T02:59:10.764919Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Updating the PPMC as people are joining."
  ], 
  "revision_id": "546717"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "crossley", 
  "date": "2007-06-13T02:52:56.354590Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Refer to ForrestBar as a way to easily view the internal processing steps.", 
   "Change doc title from \"How to be a Forrest developer\" to \"How to do development with Apache Forrest."
  ], 
  "revision_id": "546716"
 }
]