[
 {
  "author": "sussman", 
  "date": "2000-10-23T22:18:35.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Finished first pass at bringing .texi spec up-to-date with our code tree."
  ], 
  "revision_id": "837800"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "sussman", 
  "date": "2000-10-23T22:09:39.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "* future.texi:  add pointer to IDEAS."
  ], 
  "revision_id": "837799"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "sussman", 
  "date": "2000-10-23T22:08:24.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Updating the spec to reflect all that is new in the last four months. ;)", 
   "* server.texi:  put pointers to Jimb's documentation and headers on", 
   "the filesystem.  Remove most discussion of \"libsvn_svr\", which no", 
   "longer exists.  However, notice that I left behind discussion of", 
   "authentication and authorization mechanisms -- as food for thought", 
   "as we move forward.", 
   "Also, left the discussion of the filesystem \"lock-manager\", but I", 
   "think this is a dead idea.  Jimb, you'll need to go take a look at", 
   "it and nuke it if so."
  ], 
  "revision_id": "837798"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "sussman", 
  "date": "2000-10-23T21:51:16.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Updating the spec to reflect all that is new in the last four months. ;)", 
   "* protocol.texi:  provide many links to Neon, DeltaV, and Greg's RFC", 
   "paper that describes how he's mapping DeltaV to Subversion."
  ], 
  "revision_id": "837797"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "sussman", 
  "date": "2000-10-23T21:35:33.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Updating client.texi to reflect all that is new in the last four months. ;)", 
   "* Remove discussion of \"skeltas\", and discuss \"postfix text deltas\" instead.", 
   "* Update description of files in the working copy administrative area.", 
   "* Remove all API descriptions of libsvn_wc, libsvn_ra, libsvn_client;", 
   "instead,  put pointers to the public header files.  :)"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "837796"
 }
]