[
 {
  "author": "gstein", 
  "date": "2001-02-17T23:58:30.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "implement ability to do --enable-modules and --enable-mods-shared for \"all\"", 
   "and \"most\". still need to tweak various config.m4 files to sort them out."
  ], 
  "revision_id": "88219"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "martin", 
  "date": "2001-02-17T20:07:15.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Typo again"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "88218"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "martin", 
  "date": "2001-02-17T20:02:57.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "If I see it correctly, we don't have an open \"core dump candidate\" right", 
   "now. I've got a good feeling at this point for Jim's proposed release date", 
   "for 1.3.18"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "88217"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "martin", 
  "date": "2001-02-17T19:42:36.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Typo"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "88216"
 }, 
 {
  "author": "martin", 
  "date": "2001-02-17T19:41:43.000000Z", 
  "msg": [
   "Change status of EBCDIC patches"
  ], 
  "revision_id": "88215"
 }
]